docs/_includes/05-using.md, before:

# Using
This section describes, how to use the software. Every link at the top has its own subsection.

On some sites it is possible to narrow down the displayed items by month or first letter. In this case, a second row with form elements is displayed.
## Termine

#### add
Opens the [concert editor](#concert-editor) to add a new concert to the database. The date of the concert on which you start the add command, is the preset for the date of the new concert.
#### edit

#### publiziert
Marks the concert as published. So on this site the concert will be shown in black letters instead of red or blue ones.
#### del
Deletes the concert from the database. It is therefore irrevocably deleted from the system.
#### sold out
Marks the concert as sold out. As a result, the corresponding concert exports are generated with the information that the concert is sold out. This affects this site and the [Export](#export) site.
### Concert editor

## Bands

## Städte

## Locations

## Export

## Einstellungen
Using this site a few preferences can be made.

The checkboxes are control the generation of concert exports on the [Termine](#termine) site.
* The first checkbox determines whether an @ symbol is generated before every Facebook export.
* The second checkbox determines wether a twitter export is generated.
* The third checkbox determines if a facebook export is displayed.

The two text areas allow to change the header and the footer of the export generated on the [Export](#export) site. After making changes to the text areas you have to click outside it to save the adjustments.

Commit message:

Update 05-using.md by adding the decription edit.
Describe the command edit for the using section off the github page.

docs/_includes/05-using.md, after:

# Using
This section describes, how to use the software. Every link at the top has its own subsection.

On some sites it is possible to narrow down the displayed items by month or first letter. In this case, a second row with form elements is displayed.
## Termine

#### add
Opens the [concert editor](#concert-editor) to add a new concert to the database. The date of the concert on which you start the add command, is the preset for the date of the new concert.
#### edit
Opens the [concert editor](#concert-editor) to edit the concert data.
#### publiziert
Marks the concert as published. So on this site the concert will be shown in black letters instead of red or blue ones.
#### del
Deletes the concert from the database. It is therefore irrevocably deleted from the system.
#### sold out
Marks the concert as sold out. As a result, the corresponding concert exports are generated with the information that the concert is sold out. This affects this site and the [Export](#export) site.
### Concert editor

## Bands

## Städte

## Locations

## Export

## Einstellungen
Using this site a few preferences can be made.

The checkboxes are control the generation of concert exports on the [Termine](#termine) site.
* The first checkbox determines whether an @ symbol is generated before every Facebook export.
* The second checkbox determines wether a twitter export is generated.
* The third checkbox determines if a facebook export is displayed.

The two text areas allow to change the header and the footer of the export generated on the [Export](#export) site. After making changes to the text areas you have to click outside it to save the adjustments.
